# BB Community Leaders
<h3> Introduction and system  </h3>

<br><br><i> Leader is someone who is very responsible for his actions. Admin can promote the one whom he can trust, who deserves, if admin recieve complaints against manager, he can demote him, and admin have enough rights to remove someone from Leader status without giving a reason. </i><div></div><i><br>- Can write in @BotsBus<br/>- Can demote / promote Masters <br/>- Can change Masters levels (if possible)<br/>- Have all permissions in group<br/>- Can deduct BB Points from users<br/>- Can frame / reframe rules<br/>- aditional features from BBAdmin.<br/>- CEO > Leaders > Masters > Users<br/>- Leaders will be decided upon Admin's trust<br/>- Get 1k BB Points monthly<br>- They don't have levels.<br/>- Can decide Task for Masters<br/>- Can Go anonymous<br/>- May have emails with Bots.Business domain (optional)</i><div></div><br/><b>---Eligibility---</b><i><br/>1. The person should have been master for atleast 1 month in Bots.Business<br/>2. He must be Old Member (since 1 or more years) <br/>3. Must be trusted by BBAdmin<br/>4. Don't have any scam reports (+ without scam tag)<br/>5. Must be trusted by users in BB Chat<br/></i><br> <br> <span style="font-size:130%;"><b>Questions </b><br> <br></span><div></div>- how the leaders will be controlled<br/><i>Leader can only be removed by admin if any leader has 3/3 Alerts from users, leaders are promoted by time, if BBAdmin Trust them.</i><br/>- how the masters will be controlled<br/><i>Master can now be promoted / demoted by Leaders </i><div></div><span style="font-size:130%;"><br><b>Leader control </b></span><div></div><br/>- weekly / monthly public leaderboards?<br/><i>We can get the lists of Active and top Masters / Leaders via Group Stats </i><div></div><span style="font-size:130%;"><br><b>Master control </b></span><div></div><br/><b>- how to control masters? </b><br/><i>Masters can be controlled easily now, Leaders can have an eye on Master's actions and works, If any masters get 3/3 alerts from Users, He/She will  be demoted.<br/><b> - who will take over the tasks? </b><br/><i>Tasks will now be decided by Leaders, </i><br/><b> - what tasks are generally possible?</b><br/><i>We don't have any Community libs yet, Maybe it can be our next Tasks, Hidden Tasks Are still available </i><br/><b> - and are they needed at all? Since, in theory, the masters should support the community in the group, and not engage in development</b><i><br>Masters and leaders needs to focus of App Libs / Bots too, This will make the user's understand the bjs methods</i><br/></br> <h3> Appointment</h3><br/><h3>- how is the procedure for the appointment of the master<br/></h3><i> Masters will be decided by Leaders, One can become Master only if he doesn't have any warns / reports, Joined BB Chat for 3 months atleast, And is trusted<br> </i> <h3> - and a leader?</h3> <br/><i>Leaders will be decided by Admin, Only if he is trusted by Admin, Is a member of BB Chat from 3 Months or More, Do not have scam Tag / Reports</i><br> <h3> - how are masters and leaders removed?</h3><br> <i>Leader can only be removed by admin if any leader has 3/3 Alerts from users,</i> <div></div>

